---
layout: post
status: publish
title: Firebird

date: '2004-02-03 02:18:00 +0000'
date_gmt: '2004-02-03 02:18:00 +0000'
---
Everyone should use <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/products/firebird/">Firebird</a>. It's so much better than IE, well, a wet fish is better than IE, and is quick, customisable, it's great! Still not a final version yet, it's a concept but it works well as does <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/products/thunderbird/">Thunderbird</a> which is the mail client from Mozilla.The point of this though is about Firebird <a href="http://texturizer.net/firebird/extensions/">extensions</a>, they're cool, no doubt, but at the moment hard to uninstall. They're need to replace functionality that's not yet included into the final build though 0.8 is being released on Feb. 9th which should be good.This workaournd was taken from the <a href="http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=49405">mozillaZine</a> forums but is included here for conveniance.Uninstalling ExtensionsUntil the uninstall feature for extensions is implemented (bug 170006), use this procedure as a workaround:(Extension installed in the program folder)1. Exit Mozilla Firebird2. Change to the chrome dir of your Mozilla Firebird application dir3. Delete chrome.rdf and the overlayinfo dir (they are regenerated on next start)4. Delete [extension].jar (or the [extension] dir, if it's used unpacked)5. Remove every line with a reference to [extension] from installed-chrome.txt (usually there are two: one to the content and one to the locale)6. A few extensions might use additional files; TBE for example has a tabextensions.js in [Phoenix dir]/defaults/pref to store its defaults in. Search through your app dir for such files and delete them.7. Restart Mozilla Firebird(Extension installed in the profile folder)1. Exit Mozilla Firebird2. Change to the chrome dir of your Mozilla Firebird profile dir3. Delete [extension].jar (or the [extension] dir, if it's used unpacked)4. Remove every line with a reference to [extension] from chrome.rdf and the overlayinfo dir. (usually there are two: one to the content and one to the locale)5. A few extensions might use additional files; Search through your profile dir for such files and delete them.6. Restart Mozilla FirebirdIt's probably a good idea to make backups of the files/dirs before deleting/changing them to be able to restore the status quo in case anything goes wrong.
