---
layout: post
status: publish
title: HP LaserJet 1100a

date: '2004-02-03 02:06:00 +0000'
date_gmt: '2004-02-03 02:06:00 +0000'
---
I've got a HP LaserJet 1100A an have had loads of grief trying to get the scanner working again since upgrade to Windows XP Pro. Finally, having trawled the HP support site and the fourm's I've found a fix. 
Basically you can get it going but you have to install stuff in the correct order. Here are the steps:
<ul>
<li>Let  XP install its native driver for the LaserJet 1100.
<li>Install the software from the CD that came with the printer. You will receive a message that the driver is not compatible with XP. Just click OK, let the installation finish, and reboot. 
<li>Install the Windows 2000 HP LaserJet 1100/1100A Scanner Upgrade Utility - <a href="ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/printers/software/lj188en.exe">lj188en.exe</a>.  Again you'll receive a message that the driver is not compatible with XP. Click OK, let the installation finish, and reboot.
<li>Install the Windows XP HP LaserJet 1100a Communication Update - <a href="ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/softlib/software1/COL1070/lj-2341-1/lj1100cuwinnt42kxp-en.exe">lj1100cuwinnt42kxp-en.exe</a> and reboot.
<li>If your printer still does not work, try unplugging the power plug. Wait a minute, then plug it back in, and then restart your computer.</ul>
Credit goes to the <a href="http://www.spydertech.net/HPLaserJet1100.php">original author</a> with my thanks!. 
Amusingly in my trawling the forums I found a post in which one chap has followed up with both HP and MS, and, unsurprisingly HP blaim the MS drivers and MS blaim HP. Typical, do they remember it's us that's pays their wages in the end? Customer Service, oh the joys.
